Update set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md (#2301)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/manage-access/set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md

9. After creating the Azure application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup) section to complete the integration.

## OneLogin integration

Use this section if you are configuring OneLogin as your identity provider.

> You'll need administrator access to configure OneLogin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure OneLogin, you will need **Administrator** access.
```

### Configure the OneLogin application

1. Log into OneLogin, and add a new SAML 2.0 Application.
2. Configure the application with the following details:
   - **Platform:** Web
   - **Sign on method:** SAML 2.0
   - **App name:** dbt Cloud
   - **App logo (optional):** You can optionally [download the dbt logo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fnsWHRu2a_UkJBJgkZtqt99x5bSyf3Aw/view?usp=sharing), and use as the logo for this app.

### Configure SAML settings

> The following steps assume your dbt Cloud instance is running at `https://cloud.getdbt.com`. If your deployment is running at a different url, then substitute ` cloud.getdbt.com` for the url of your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps assume your dbt Cloud deployment instance uses `https://cloud.getdbt.com`. If your [deployment](/docs/deploy/regions) uses a different URL, then substitute ` cloud.getdbt.com` with the URL of your instance.
```

> To complete this section, you will need to create a login slug. This slug controls the URL where users on your account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To complete this section, you will need to create a login slug. This slug controls the URL where users on your account
```

can log into your application. Login slugs are typically the lowercased name of your organization
separated with dashes. For example, the login slug for dbt Labs would be `dbt-labs`.
Login slugs must be unique across all dbt Cloud accounts, so pick a slug that uniquely identifies your company.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ `your-company-name`
❌ `Your-Company-Name`
```

> Under the **Configuration tab**, input the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the **Configuration tab**, input the following values:
```

   - **RelayState:** `<login slug>`
   - **Audience (EntityID):** https://cloud.getdbt.com/
   - **ACS (Consumer) URL Validator:** https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml
   - **ACS (Consumer) URL:** https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml

> Next, go to the **Parameters tab**. You must have a parameter for the Email, First Name, and Last Name attributes. All must be included in the SAML assertions, so when adding the custom parameters, make sure you check the **Include in SAML assertion** checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Next, go to the **Parameters tab**. You must have a parameter for the Email, First Name, and Last Name attributes and include all parameters in the SAML assertions. When you add the custom parameters, make sure you check the **Include in SAML assertion** checkbox.
```

We recommend using the following values:

| name | name format | value |
| ---- | ----------- | ----- |
| email | Unspecified | Email |
| first_name | Unspecified | First Name |
| last_name | Unspecified | Last Name |

dbt Cloud's [role-based access control](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/about-access#role-based-access-control) relies
on group mappings from the IdP to assign dbt Cloud users to dbt Cloud groups. To
use role-based access control in dbt Cloud, also configure OneLogin to provide group membership information in user attribute called
`groups`:

| name | name format | value | description |
| ---- | ----------- | ----- | ----------- |
| groups | Unspecified | Series of groups to be used for your organization | The groups a user belongs to in the IdP |

> :::

Reviewer: removed ::: dots as it didn't look like there were any callouts there @BrJan ?

```suggestion
```

### Collect integration secrets

> After confirming your details, go to the **SSO tab**. OneLogin should show you the following values for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After confirming your details, go to the **SSO tab**. OneLogin should show you the following values for
```

the new integration. Keep these values somewhere safe, as you will need them to complete setup in dbt Cloud.

- Issuer URL
- SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP)
- X.509 Certificate

### Finish setup

> After creating the OneLogin application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After creating the OneLogin application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)
```
